LC-134 add new disconnected reason (#1427)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/agent-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- The **Get Chat** ([Web](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/#get-chat) & [RTM](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/rtm-reference/#get-chat)) method now validates access to the requested thread.
- The [**Thread**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/data-structures/#threads) data structure has a new `customer_visit` field.

> - The [**Agent Disconnected**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/rtm-pushes#agent_disconnected) push has a new `role_permissions_changed` reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [**agent_disconnected**](/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.6/rtm-pushes#agent_disconnected) push has a reason for disconnection, `role_permissions_changed`.
```
